README.md, before:

# [KONG][website-url] :heavy_plus_sign: [AWS CloudFormation](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/)

[![Website][website-badge]][website-url]
[![Documentation][documentation-badge]][documentation-url]
[![Mailing List][mailing-list-badge]][mailing-list-url]
[![Gitter Badge][gitter-badge]][gitter-url]

[![][kong-logo]][website-url]

This CloudFormation template helps you model and set up Kong's resources in AWS easily.

## Summary

You have option to chose between two templates:

###  1) Kong with Cassandra DB
Provision Kong resources along with a new [Cassandra cluster](http://cassandra.apache.org/), using The [Datastax Cassandra](http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/2.2/cassandra/install/installAMI.html) AMI.

| Region            | HVM AMIs                                                               | PV AMIs                                                                |
| ----------------: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `us-east-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-east-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-east-1-caas-pv-stack-url]       |
| `us-west-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-1-caas-pv-stack-url]       |
| `us-west-2`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-2-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-2-caas-pv-stack-url]       |
| `eu-west-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][eu-west-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][eu-west-1-caas-pv-stack-url]       |
| `ap-northeast-1`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-northeast-1-caas-hvm-stack-url] | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-northeast-1-caas-pv-stack-url]  |
| `ap-southeast-1`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-1-caas-hvm-stack-url] | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-1-caas-pv-stack-url]  |
| `ap-southeast-2`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-2-caas-hvm-stack-url] | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-2-caas-pv-stack-url]  |
| `sa-east-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][sa-east-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][sa-east-1-caas-pv-stack-url]       |

###  2) Kong without Cassandra DB (you need to bring yours)
Provisions Kong resources with user provided Cassandra seed nodes. 


| Region            | HVM AMIs                                                           | PV AMIs                                                          |
| ----------------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `us-east-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-east-1-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-east-1-pv-stack-url]      |
| `us-west-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-1-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-1-pv-stack-url]      |
| `us-west-2`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-2-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-2-pv-stack-url]      |
| `eu-west-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][eu-west-1-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][eu-west-1-pv-stack-url]      |
| `ap-northeast-1`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-northeast-1-hvm-stack-url]  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-northeast-1-pv-stack-url] |
| `ap-southeast-1`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-1-hvm-stack-url]  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-1-pv-stack-url] |
| `ap-southeast-2`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-2-hvm-stack-url]  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-2-pv-stack-url] |
| `sa-east-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][sa-east-1-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][sa-east-1-pv-stack-url]      |
 
 
### Cloudformation parameters
 
| Parameter                   | Default      | Description                                                                          |
| --------------------------: | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `SSHLocation`               | `0.0.0.0/0`  | The IP address range that can be used to SSH to the Kong and Cassandra EC2 instances |
| `KongProxyAccess`           | `0.0.0.0/0`  | The IP address range that can be used to access the Kong admin server                |
| `KongAdminAccess`           | `0.0.0.0/0`  | The IP address range that can be used to access the Kong proxy server                |
| `KongKeyName`               | `-`          | Existing EC2 KeyPair to enable SSH access to the Kong instances                      |
| `KongFleetMaxSize`          | `2`          | Max Number of Kong instances *(Min: `1`, Max: `10`)*                                 |
| `KongFleetDesiredSize`      | `2`          | Desired Number of Kong instances *(Min: `1`, Max: `10`)*                             |
| `KongInstanceType`          | `c3.8xlarge` | EC2 instance type for Kong                                                           |
| `KongVersion`               | `-`          | Kong version, leave empty to install latest version                                  |
| `CassandraKeyName`          | `-`          | Existing EC2 KeyPair to enable SSH access to the instances for Cassandra             |
| `CassandraFleetSize`        | `1`          | Number of nodes in cluster. *(Min: `1`, Max: `10`)*                                  |
| `CassandraAvailabilityZone` | `-`          | Availablity zone in which cassandra cluster would be created, *for multi regions and zones cluster please refer to [Datastax documentation](http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/2.2/cassandra/planning/planPlanningEC2.html?scroll=planPlanningEC2__multi-region-deploy).* |
| `CassandraInstanceType`     | `c3.2xlarge` | EC2 instance type for Cassandra                                                      |
| `CassandraClusterName`      | `-`          | Cassandra cluster name                                                               |
| `CassandraClusterVersion`   | `2.2.0`      | Cassandra cluster version                                                            |
| `CassandraVersion`          | `Community`  | Cassandra version                                                                    |
| `CassandraOpsCenterAccess`  | `0.0.0.0/0`  | The IP address range that can access OpsCenter for Cassandra cluster management      |


### Steps to launch a Kong stack on AWS cloud

1. Create a key pair to access Cassandra instance. Move to next step if you want to use any existing key pair
2. Create a key pair to access Kong instances. Move to next step if you want to use any existing key pair
3. Select the region, the virtualization type and then click *"Launch Stack"*. You should see AWS cloudformation *"Select Template"* page
4. You can change the stack name. Click next to move to *"Specify parameter"* page.
5. Fill in all the parameters details. If you chose to launch Kong with Cassandra you would be asked to fill in extra parameters to create a Cassandra cluster. Read description of field and enter the value for each field
6. Click next to move to *"Option page"*. Add Tags and other fields according to your requirements otherwise click *"Next"*
  - Note: The template is configured to add a *"Name"* tag to each relevant resource
7. Review the information for the stack. When you're satisfied with the settings, click *"Create"*
8. AWS CloudFormation begins creating the resources that are specified in the template. To monitor the progress go to AWS CloudFormation console, select the stack in the list. In the stack details pane, click the *"Events"* tab to see the progress
9. It will take several minutes *(~20 minutes)* to create the stack. Once the stack has a status of `CREATE_COMPLETE`, click on *"Output"* tab to get the proxy and Admin URL, it may take *60 seconds* more for links to become active 
 
#### SSL Support

You can install SSL Certificate on the Kong Load Balancer or use the SSl plugin on Kong to enable HTTPS support.

#####  1) [SSL Certificate for Kong Load Balancer](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ElasticLoadBalancing/latest/DeveloperGuide/ssl-server-cert.html)
1. Once you launch the Stack, get the Kong Load Balancer id from the Resources tab.
2. In the navigation pane, under LOAD BALANCING, click Load Balancers.
3. Search for the Kong Load Balancer and select it.
4. In the bottom pane, select the Listeners tab.
5. Click Edit.
6  In the Edit Listeners dialog box, click Add.
7. In the Load Balancer Protocol column, select HTTPS (Secure HTTP). This updates the Load Balancer Port, Instance Protocol, and Instance Port columns. In the Instance Protocol column, select HTTP and update the Instance port to 8000.
8. By default, Elastic Load Balancing selects the current predefined security policy, ELBSecurityPolicy-2015-05, for your HTTPS/SSL listener. This is the recommended setting.
9. In the SSL Certificate column, click Change, and then you either upload a new certificate or choose an existing Certificate.
10. Click Save to add the listeners you just configured.
11. Click on Security tab. 
12. Click on Security Group id.
13. In the bottom pane, select the Inbound tab.
14. Click Edit.
15. Add Load Balancer Port for the HTTPS to the list and save.

#####  2) [Using Kong SSL Plugin](https://getkong.org/plugins/ssl/)
1. SSH on each Kong node, upload the Certificate.
2. Update Kong node Security Group to open TCP port 8443.
3. Add HTTPS listener on Kong Load Balancer forwarding request to 8443 Instance port.
4. Open HTTPS listener port in Kong Load Balancer security group.
5. Enable the Kong [SSL plugin](https://getkong.org/plugins/ssl/).
     
     
#### Important note

1. The security configuration on the templates opens up all externally accessible ports to incoming traffic from any IP address if default is chosen *(`0.0.0.0/0`)*
2. The risk of data leakage is high. If you desire a more secure configuration, please update access fields with appropiate IP address range
3. The template installs many resources on AWS. You will be billed just for the AWS resources used
4. Some of the instance types may not be supported in all the AWS Regions, so chose next best available option


## Enterprise Support

Support, Demo, Training, API Certifications and Consulting available at http://getkong.org/enterprise.

[kong-logo]: http://i.imgur.com/4jyQQAZ.png
[website-url]: https://getkong.org/
[website-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/GETKong.org-Learn%20More-43bf58.svg
[documentation-url]: https://getkong.org/docs/
[documentation-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Read%20Online-green.svg
[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/Mashape/kong
[gitter-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitter-Join%20Chat-blue.svg
[mailing-list-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Join%20Mailing%20List-blue.svg
[mailing-list-url]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/konglayer

[us-east-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[us-west-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[us-west-2-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[eu-west-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[ap-northeast-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[ap-southeast-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[ap-southeast-2-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[sa-east-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=sa-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[us-east-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[us-west-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[us-west-2-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[eu-west-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[ap-northeast-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[ap-southeast-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[ap-southeast-2-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[sa-east-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=sa-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[us-east-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[us-west-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[us-west-2-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[eu-west-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[ap-northeast-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[ap-southeast-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[ap-southeast-2-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[sa-east-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=sa-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[us-east-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[us-west-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[us-west-2-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[eu-west-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[ap-northeast-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[ap-southeast-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[ap-southeast-2-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[sa-east-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=sa-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[stack-badge]: https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-examples/cloudformation-launch-stack.png

Commit message:

added note for older version

README.md, after:

# [KONG][website-url] :heavy_plus_sign: [AWS CloudFormation](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/)

[![Website][website-badge]][website-url]
[![Documentation][documentation-badge]][documentation-url]
[![Mailing List][mailing-list-badge]][mailing-list-url]
[![Gitter Badge][gitter-badge]][gitter-url]

[![][kong-logo]][website-url]

This CloudFormation template helps you model and set up Kong's resources in AWS easily.

Note: For Kong's version older than 0.4.2 switch to tag 1.0.0

## Summary

You have option to chose between two templates:

###  1) Kong with Cassandra DB
Provision Kong resources along with a new [Cassandra cluster](http://cassandra.apache.org/), using The [Datastax Cassandra](http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/2.2/cassandra/install/installAMI.html) AMI.

| Region            | HVM AMIs                                                               | PV AMIs                                                                |
| ----------------: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `us-east-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-east-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-east-1-caas-pv-stack-url]       |
| `us-west-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-1-caas-pv-stack-url]       |
| `us-west-2`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-2-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-2-caas-pv-stack-url]       |
| `eu-west-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][eu-west-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][eu-west-1-caas-pv-stack-url]       |
| `ap-northeast-1`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-northeast-1-caas-hvm-stack-url] | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-northeast-1-caas-pv-stack-url]  |
| `ap-southeast-1`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-1-caas-hvm-stack-url] | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-1-caas-pv-stack-url]  |
| `ap-southeast-2`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-2-caas-hvm-stack-url] | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-2-caas-pv-stack-url]  |
| `sa-east-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][sa-east-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]      | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][sa-east-1-caas-pv-stack-url]       |

###  2) Kong without Cassandra DB (you need to bring yours)
Provisions Kong resources with user provided Cassandra seed nodes. 


| Region            | HVM AMIs                                                           | PV AMIs                                                          |
| ----------------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `us-east-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-east-1-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-east-1-pv-stack-url]      |
| `us-west-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-1-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-1-pv-stack-url]      |
| `us-west-2`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-2-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][us-west-2-pv-stack-url]      |
| `eu-west-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][eu-west-1-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][eu-west-1-pv-stack-url]      |
| `ap-northeast-1`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-northeast-1-hvm-stack-url]  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-northeast-1-pv-stack-url] |
| `ap-southeast-1`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-1-hvm-stack-url]  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-1-pv-stack-url] |
| `ap-southeast-2`  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-2-hvm-stack-url]  | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][ap-southeast-2-pv-stack-url] |
| `sa-east-1`       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][sa-east-1-hvm-stack-url]       | [![Kong Stack launch][stack-badge]][sa-east-1-pv-stack-url]      |
 
 
### Cloudformation parameters
 
| Parameter                   | Default      | Description                                                                          |
| --------------------------: | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `SSHLocation`               | `0.0.0.0/0`  | The IP address range that can be used to SSH to the Kong and Cassandra EC2 instances |
| `KongProxyAccess`           | `0.0.0.0/0`  | The IP address range that can be used to access the Kong admin server                |
| `KongAdminAccess`           | `0.0.0.0/0`  | The IP address range that can be used to access the Kong proxy server                |
| `KongKeyName`               | `-`          | Existing EC2 KeyPair to enable SSH access to the Kong instances                      |
| `KongFleetMaxSize`          | `2`          | Max Number of Kong instances *(Min: `1`, Max: `10`)*                                 |
| `KongFleetDesiredSize`      | `2`          | Desired Number of Kong instances *(Min: `1`, Max: `10`)*                             |
| `KongInstanceType`          | `c3.8xlarge` | EC2 instance type for Kong                                                           |
| `KongVersion`               | `-`          | Kong version, leave empty to install latest version                                  |
| `CassandraKeyName`          | `-`          | Existing EC2 KeyPair to enable SSH access to the instances for Cassandra             |
| `CassandraFleetSize`        | `1`          | Number of nodes in cluster. *(Min: `1`, Max: `10`)*                                  |
| `CassandraAvailabilityZone` | `-`          | Availablity zone in which cassandra cluster would be created, *for multi regions and zones cluster please refer to [Datastax documentation](http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/2.2/cassandra/planning/planPlanningEC2.html?scroll=planPlanningEC2__multi-region-deploy).* |
| `CassandraInstanceType`     | `c3.2xlarge` | EC2 instance type for Cassandra                                                      |
| `CassandraClusterName`      | `-`          | Cassandra cluster name                                                               |
| `CassandraClusterVersion`   | `2.2.0`      | Cassandra cluster version                                                            |
| `CassandraVersion`          | `Community`  | Cassandra version                                                                    |
| `CassandraOpsCenterAccess`  | `0.0.0.0/0`  | The IP address range that can access OpsCenter for Cassandra cluster management      |


### Steps to launch a Kong stack on AWS cloud

1. Create a key pair to access Cassandra instance. Move to next step if you want to use any existing key pair
2. Create a key pair to access Kong instances. Move to next step if you want to use any existing key pair
3. Select the region, the virtualization type and then click *"Launch Stack"*. You should see AWS cloudformation *"Select Template"* page
4. You can change the stack name. Click next to move to *"Specify parameter"* page.
5. Fill in all the parameters details. If you chose to launch Kong with Cassandra you would be asked to fill in extra parameters to create a Cassandra cluster. Read description of field and enter the value for each field
6. Click next to move to *"Option page"*. Add Tags and other fields according to your requirements otherwise click *"Next"*
  - Note: The template is configured to add a *"Name"* tag to each relevant resource
7. Review the information for the stack. When you're satisfied with the settings, click *"Create"*
8. AWS CloudFormation begins creating the resources that are specified in the template. To monitor the progress go to AWS CloudFormation console, select the stack in the list. In the stack details pane, click the *"Events"* tab to see the progress
9. It will take several minutes *(~20 minutes)* to create the stack. Once the stack has a status of `CREATE_COMPLETE`, click on *"Output"* tab to get the proxy and Admin URL, it may take *60 seconds* more for links to become active 
 
#### SSL Support

You can install SSL Certificate on the Kong Load Balancer or use the SSl plugin on Kong to enable HTTPS support.

#####  1) [SSL Certificate for Kong Load Balancer](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ElasticLoadBalancing/latest/DeveloperGuide/ssl-server-cert.html)
1. Once you launch the Stack, get the Kong Load Balancer id from the Resources tab.
2. In the navigation pane, under LOAD BALANCING, click Load Balancers.
3. Search for the Kong Load Balancer and select it.
4. In the bottom pane, select the Listeners tab.
5. Click Edit.
6  In the Edit Listeners dialog box, click Add.
7. In the Load Balancer Protocol column, select HTTPS (Secure HTTP). This updates the Load Balancer Port, Instance Protocol, and Instance Port columns. In the Instance Protocol column, select HTTP and update the Instance port to 8000.
8. By default, Elastic Load Balancing selects the current predefined security policy, ELBSecurityPolicy-2015-05, for your HTTPS/SSL listener. This is the recommended setting.
9. In the SSL Certificate column, click Change, and then you either upload a new certificate or choose an existing Certificate.
10. Click Save to add the listeners you just configured.
11. Click on Security tab. 
12. Click on Security Group id.
13. In the bottom pane, select the Inbound tab.
14. Click Edit.
15. Add Load Balancer Port for the HTTPS to the list and save.

#####  2) [Using Kong SSL Plugin](https://getkong.org/plugins/ssl/)
1. SSH on each Kong node, upload the Certificate.
2. Update Kong node Security Group to open TCP port 8443.
3. Add HTTPS listener on Kong Load Balancer forwarding request to 8443 Instance port.
4. Open HTTPS listener port in Kong Load Balancer security group.
5. Enable the Kong [SSL plugin](https://getkong.org/plugins/ssl/).
     
     
#### Important note

1. The security configuration on the templates opens up all externally accessible ports to incoming traffic from any IP address if default is chosen *(`0.0.0.0/0`)*
2. The risk of data leakage is high. If you desire a more secure configuration, please update access fields with appropiate IP address range
3. The template installs many resources on AWS. You will be billed just for the AWS resources used
4. Some of the instance types may not be supported in all the AWS Regions, so chose next best available option


## Enterprise Support

Support, Demo, Training, API Certifications and Consulting available at http://getkong.org/enterprise.

[kong-logo]: http://i.imgur.com/4jyQQAZ.png
[website-url]: https://getkong.org/
[website-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/GETKong.org-Learn%20More-43bf58.svg
[documentation-url]: https://getkong.org/docs/
[documentation-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Read%20Online-green.svg
[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/Mashape/kong
[gitter-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitter-Join%20Chat-blue.svg
[mailing-list-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Join%20Mailing%20List-blue.svg
[mailing-list-url]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/konglayer

[us-east-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[us-west-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[us-west-2-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[eu-west-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[ap-northeast-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[ap-southeast-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[ap-southeast-2-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[sa-east-1-caas-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=sa-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-hvm.template
[us-east-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[us-west-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[us-west-2-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[eu-west-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[ap-northeast-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[ap-southeast-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[ap-southeast-2-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[sa-east-1-caas-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=sa-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-cassandra-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-cassandra-pv.template
[us-east-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[us-west-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[us-west-2-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[eu-west-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[ap-northeast-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[ap-southeast-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[ap-southeast-2-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-hvm&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[sa-east-1-hvm-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=sa-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-hvm.template
[us-east-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[us-west-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[us-west-2-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[eu-west-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[ap-northeast-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[ap-southeast-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[ap-southeast-2-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=ap-southeast-2#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[sa-east-1-pv-stack-url]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=sa-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=kong-elb-pv&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fkong-cf-templates%2Fv2.0.0%2Fkong-elb-pv.template
[stack-badge]: https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-examples/cloudformation-launch-stack.png
